How many roads must
a man walk down
Before you call him a man?
How many seas must
a white dove sail
Before she sleeps in the sand?
Yes, 'n' how many times
must the cannon balls fly
Before they're forever banned?
The answer, my friend,
is blowin' in the wind
The answer is
blowin' in the wind
Yes, 'n' how many years
can a mountain exist
Before it's washed to the sea?
Yes, 'n' how many years
can some people exist
Before they're allowed
to be free?
Yes, 'n' how many times
can a man turn his head
And pretend that he just
doesn't see?
The answer, my friend,
is blowin' in the wind
The answer is
blowin' in the wind
Yes, 'n' how many times
must a man look up
Before he can see the sky?
Yes, 'n' how many ears
must one man have
Before he can hear people cry?
Yes, 'n' how many deaths
will it take till he knows
That too many people have died?
The answer, my friend,
is blowin' in the wind
The answer is
blowin' in the wind